1. Explain one of the key steps in the RAG process.
Retrieval - Using the query to find relevant information from a corpus of data
Augmentation - Taking the retrieved information and combining it with the prompts to provide context, in a way that can be interpreted well by the AI model
Generation - Creating a response from the context + prompt.

2. Explain what an embedding actually is.
List of numbers that represent the meaning of a token in multi dimensional space

3. Explain why retrieval can fail even when it looks like it's working.
Sometimes models can not handle negations well, they may see US and not US as having similar meaning.

4. Explain what the relevance floor does.
Is a bar for the relevance score. Only put information in the context that is above the relevance floor. Prevents us from using irrelevant information as context.

5. Explain the difference between retrieval and generation in RAG.
Retrieval - Getting relevant information from a corpus using the query.
Generation - Creating a response using the prompt, tools and other retrieved information.

6. Explain what changed when we moved from the in-memory index to Chroma.
When we moved from an in memory index to a Chroma database, 
the embeddings were persisted between runs so we no longer had to run build index when restarting the server

7. Explain how tool use works, at a high level.
The model requests access to a tool if it needs it to answer a question. 
After getting the result back from the tools it adds the message to its context window

8. Explain what context engineering means, in your own words.
Context engineering is looking at everything we feed the model as input, from the prompt, the tools, the context and previous conversations in the session.

9. Explain why we capped the tool-use loop.
Each tool call can cost money, so to mitigate unneeded tool use, we capped the tool-use loop

10. Explain why the UI needed its own separate environment.
The ui needs its own environment to ensure that there is no tight coupling between what the user sees and the backend logic of the application.
We want to keep these seperate so any changes in the user interface does not impact the backend.
The ui needs its own enviornment to seperate its logic from the backend.
This is good for compartmentalisation and scaling the application when deploying to production. Only scale up the part that needs to be scaled up.
Ensures dependency isolation - Ensures version conflicts as each have their own set of dependencies.
The frontend runs in the browser while the backend runs on a server only you control.